Provide a way to run a beam installation without building from source (#163)
samply/beam: README.md

## Getting started

> If you have docker installed and cloned our repository you can run a demo beam network using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Docker, you can run a small demo beam network by checking out the git repository (use `main` or `develop` branch) and running the following command:
```

```bash
./dev/beamdev demo
```

> This will launch a beam network consisting of two proxies (Proxy1 localhost:8081 and Proxy2 localhost:8082) and a broker (localhost:8080)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will launch your own beam demo network, which consists of one broker (listening on `localhost:8080`) and two connected proxies (listening on `localhost:8081` and `localhost:8082`).
```

The following paragraph simulates the creation and the completion of a task
using [cURL](http://curl.se) calls. Two parties (and their Samply.Proxies) are
connected via a central broker. Each party has one registered application.
In the next section we will simulate the communcation between these applications over the beam network.

> Note: cURL versions before 7.82 do not support the `--json` option. In this case, please use `--data` instead.

The used BeamIds are the following:

| System             | BeamID                       |
|--------------------|------------------------------|
| Broker             | broker                       |
| Proxy1             | proxy1.broker                |
| App behind Proxy 1 | app1.proxy1.broker           |
| Proxy2             | proxy2.broker                |
| App behind Proxy 2 | app2.proxy2.broker           |

> In this example, we use the same ApiKey `App1Secret` for both parties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify this example, we use the same ApiKey `App1Secret` for both apps. Also, the Broker has a short name (`broker`) where in a real setup, it would be required to have a fully-qualified domain name as `broker1.samply.de` (see [System Architecture](#system-architecture)).
```
